hey guys welcome back to another
barbecue bros video tonight we are doing
barbecue pulled pork Cuban sandwiches so
you know a lot of you probably have just
a regular ole Cuban sandwich from a
local Cuban restaurant or maybe just you
know from a grocery store whatever and
what I like to do is this is some pulled
pork from a butt that I just smoked
today and so you know just came off the
smoker super super fresh
there's obviously I used pecan wood and
so there's a lot of good flavor in this
and essentially you just you know take
some good barbecue pulled pork like this
but then also use some barbecue sauce
and you build out a regular Cuban and
then what we're going to do is we're
gonna press these guys on a cast-iron
skillet here in the kitchen so these
sandwiches are amazing you can do this
with fresh pulled pork or some leftover
pulled pork whatever you want to do so
this is some Cuban bread from just our
local grocery store and just cut in half
and what I like to do is I like to do
mayo on both sides make sure it's nice
and healthy
just like that and just like that and
then a traditional Cuban just uses
yellow mustard
I prefer honey mustard I think it tastes
better so put some honey mustard on just
one side that'll be enough kind of
smooth that out a little bit all right
and then you can't have a Cuban without
some pickles
get one more in here that'll be enough
right there and then we are going to go
ahead and this is some thinly shaved
sweet ham from the deli and you just
kind of go ahead and layer it up like
this you can tear it up a little bit if
you want doesn't really matter just kind
of like dots do one more piece all right
then we're gonna take some of our pulled
pork and go ahead and build this out all
right that's enough the sandwich is
already looking pretty beast and then
this is some fresh Swiss cheese from the
deli so we're gonna go ahead and put one
slice there one slice right here just
take some of your favorite barbecue
sauce or whatever you want this is a
sweet this is dimples barbecue sauce
that you've seen in one of my past
videos or my blog this is just a general
sweet sauce it goes really well so I'm
just gonna put some on there don't need
to go too heavy with it and then we're
gonna put this on here we'll pick back
up in just a second when we put it on
the skillet all right guys what we have
here has got a cast-iron skillet with a
little bit of olive oil in it this is a
bacon press and what what we do is we
just um sit that in the skillet and let
that get get pretty much just as hot as
the skillet is and let me hit this fan
there you go hopefully that's not too
loud so the bacon press is nice and hot
it's got olive oil on it and all you got
to do is take your sandwich here then
this guy down and press down on it
little hot press down just like this
you're gonna hear it start crisping put
some good weight on it we're pushing it
down just like this we're gonna let that
go for just about a minute or so and
then we'll flip it over and then I'll
pick back up and show you what it looks
like when it's done all right so this
was about a minute and a half maybe two
on each side both sides are nice and
crisp and so there you have it we've got
a nice barbecue pulled pork cubed and
we're gonna go ahead and cut this up and
get to eating so thanks a lot for
watching and we'll see you again soon